https://data.world/zillow-data/market-health-index

Other Metrics
Definitions
Home Types and Housing Stock

All Homes: Zillow defines all homes as single-family, condominium and co-operative homes with a county record. Unless specified, all series cover this segment of the housing stock.
Condo/Co-op: Condominium and co-operative homes.
Multifamily 5+ units: Units in buildings with 5 or more housing units, that are not a condominiums or co-ops.
Duplex/Triplex: Housing units in buildings with 2 or 3 housing units.
Other Metrics
Median List Price ($): Median of the list price (or asking price) for homes listed on Zillow.
Median Sale Price ($): Median of the selling price for all homes sold in a given region.
Median List Price Per Sq Ft ($): Median of list prices divided by the square footage of a home.
Median Sale Price Per Sq Ft ($): Median of sale prices divided by the square footage of a home.
Sold for Loss (%): The percentage of homes in an area that sold for a price lower than the previous sale price.
Sold for Gain (%): The percentage of homes in an area that sold for a price higher than the previous sale price.
Increasing Values (%): The percentage of homes in an given region with values that have increased in the past year.
Decreasing Values (%): The percentage of homes in an given region with values that have decreased in the past year.
Listings With Price Cut (%): The percentage of current listings on Zillow with a price cut during the month.
Median price cut (%): Median of the percentage price reduction for homes with a price reduction during the month.
Sold in Past Year (Turnover) (%): The percentage of all homes in a given area that sold in the past 12 months.
Homes Foreclosed: The number of homes (per 10,000 homes) that were foreclosed upon in a given month. A foreclosure occurs when a homeowner loses their home to their lending institution or it is sold to a third party at an auction.
Foreclosure Re-Sales (%): The percentage of home sales in a given month in which the home was foreclosed upon within the previous year (e.g. sales of bank-owned homes after the bank took possession of a home following a foreclosure).
Sale-to-List Price Ratio: Median of the ratio between the sale price and the list price for all homes (e.g. if a home with a list price of $200k sells for $250k, its ratio would be 5:4 or 1.25).
Inventory (Raw): Median of weekly snapshot of for-sale homes within a region for a given month.
Age of Inventory: Each Wednesday, age of inventory is calculated as the median number of days all active listings as of that Wednesday have been current. These medians are then aggregated into the number reported by taking the median across weekly values.
Price to Rent Ratio: This ratio is first calculated at the individual home level, where the estimated home value is divided by 12 times its estimated monthly rent price. The the median of all home-level price-to-rent ratios for a given region is then calculated.
Buyer/Seller Index: This index combines the sale-to-list price ratio, the percent of homes that subject to a price cut and the time properties spend on the market (measured as Days on Zillow). Higher numbers indicate a better buyers’ market, lower numbers indicate a better sellers’ market, relative to other markets within a metro.
Market Health Index: This index indicates the current health of a given region’s housing market relative to other markets nationwide. It is calculated on a scale from 0 to 10, with 0 representing the least healthy markets and 10 the healthiest markets.
Days on Zillow: The median days on market of homes sold within a given month, including foreclosure re-sales. The latest data is for one month prior to the current ZHVI (e.g., if the most current month for ZHVI data is January, the most current month for Days on Zillow data will be December).
Home Sales: The number of homes sold during a given month. Our sales series methodology is available here. Note: ZIP code sales data is not latency adjusted, but is filtered.
Home Sales, SA: The number of homes sold during the given month, seasonally adjusted using the X-12-Arima method. Our sales series methodology is available here.
Unfiltered Transactions: The number of homes sold during the given month. This series is latency adjusted, but no transaction-type filtering is done. For example, non-arm’s-length sales, foreclosures and title transfers would be all be included.
About Zillow Data (and Terms of Use Information)
Zillow is in the process of transitioning some data sources with the goal of producing published data that is more comprehensive, reliable, accurate and timely. As this new data is incorporated, the publication of select metrics may be delayed or temporarily suspended. We look forward to resuming our usual publication schedule for all of our established datasets as soon as possible, and we apologize for any inconvenience. Thank you for your patience and understanding.
All data accessed and downloaded from this page is free for public use by consumers, media, analysts, academics etc., consistent with our published Terms of Use. Proper and clear attribution of all data to Zillow is required.
For other data requests or inquiries for Zillow Real Estate Research, contact us here.
All files are time series unless noted otherwise.
To download all Zillow metrics for specific levels of geography, click here.
To download a crosswalk between Zillow regions and federally defined regions for counties and metro areas, click here.
Unless otherwise noted, all series cover single-family residences, condominiums and co-op homes only.
Source: https://www.zillow.com/research/data/

